---
title: Results Submission
order: 5
layout: post
---
# How
Send algorithm output on the test dataset to organizers via email (lvquan18@gmail.com).

# Format
The estimated results of the test dataset should be within 0~1, as those in the provided ground truth of the training dataset. Results of test dataset can be submitted either in a MATLAB data file (.mat file) or in a text file (.txt file), with the following protocols.

1. File Name: LVQUAN_XXX.mat or LVQUAN_XXX.txt. XXX is the initials of the participant’s name.

2. MATALB data: the submitted results should be in the same format as the ground truth in the training dataset. Four variables should be contained in the LVQUAN_XXX.mat file:

    *** areas_hat: array of size of 2×600. areas(1,:) is for cavity area and areas(2,:) is for myocardium area. For the 20 frames of subject s, the results should be areas(:, (s-1)*20:s*20).
    
    *** dims_hat array of size of 3×600. dims(1,:) is for direction of AS-IL, dims(2,:) is for direction of IS-AL, and dims(3,:) is for direction of IS-AL. For the 20 frames of subject s, the results should be dims(:, (s-1)*20:s*20).
    
    *** rwt_hat array of size of 6×600. areas(1,:)~areas(6,:) are for segments AS, IS, I, IL, AL and A, accordingly. For the 20 frames of subject s, the results should be rwt(:, (s-1)*20:s*20).
    
    *** lv_phase_hat array of size 1×600. For the 20 frames of subject s, the results should be rwt(:, (s-1)*20:s*20).

3. TEXT data: the submitted results should be in the following format.
    
    *** Each line should start with “sub-xx-yy”, where xx is the subject number and yy is the frame number.
    
    *** The results of all the LV indices for one frame are arranged in the same line as follow:
	sub-xx-yy: A1, A2, D1, D2, D3, RWT1, RWT2, RWT3, RWT4, RWT5, RWT6, Phase
    
    *** Results for the same subject should be in successively 20 lines.